Restructure architecture (#118)
openclimatedata/openscm: README.rst

| |Codecov|      | |Codacy| |
+----------------+----------+

.. sec-begin-long-description
.. sec-begin-index

The **Open Simple Climate Model framework** unifies access to several
simple climate models (SCMs). It defines a standard interface for
getting and setting model parameters, input and output data as well as
for running the models. Additionally, OpenSCM provides a standardized
file format for these parameters and scenarios including functions for
reading and writing such files. It further adds convenience functions

> and easily enables stochastic ensemble runs, e.g. for model tuning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and easily enables ensemble runs, e.g. for scenario assessment or model tuning.
```

Reviewer: Just as an fyi, given the work elsewhere, I think putting model calibration into OpenSCM would be a mistake (it's a separate application with its own pitfalls and tricks). OpenSCM should be able to run an ensemble of parameters generated from a calibration library and analyse the output, but it should not have a function like `model.tune_to_target(target)`.

Author: a pity, but ok

Reviewer: To clarify, we're still going to do it. It's just a separate library (putting it in one library makes it way too big). Hopefully that means it's not such a pity?
